# Noisy-MAML
Skip to content Search or jump to…  Pull requests Issues Marketplace Explore   @IandRover  paperswithcode / releasing-research-code 49 1.6k444 Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights releasing-research-code/LICENSE paperswithcode/releasing-research-code is licensed under the  MIT License A short and simple permissive license with conditions only requiring preservation of copyright and license notices. Licensed works, modifications, and larger works may be distributed under different terms and without source code.  Permissions  Commercial use  Modification  Distribution  Private use Limitations  Liability  Warranty Conditions  License and copyright notice This is not legal advice. Learn more about repository licenses. @rstojnic rstojnic Create LICENSE Latest commit eff4b6b on 6 Apr 2020  History  1 contributor 21 lines (17 sloc)  1.05 KB    MIT License  Copyright (c) 2020 Papers with code  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. © 2021 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact GitHub Pricing API Training Blog About Loading complete'+
